Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his  wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him."
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
A verbal contract is not worth the paper it's written on.
Facts are stupid things.
I never comment on referees and I'm not going to break the habit of a lifetime for that prat."
Solutions are not the answer.
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
Happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill.
A dentist at work in his vocation always looks down in the mouth.
Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond.
If suffering brought wisdom, the dentist's office would be full of luminous ideas.
You don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep.
Too many of today's children have straight teeth and crooked morals.
The man with a toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound.
Dentist: a prestidigitator who, putting metal into your mouth, pulls coin out of your pocket.
I find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundred dollars than have a tooth pulled for five.